Add an email test-send button to the admin Email tab so i can verify your SMTP/Resend config is working before going live
for the email server i should be able to select which is on or off
In admin 
Payment and payment will be come one Menu with two  tabs
Menu Name Payment 
Tab 1 Overview for current payment content
Tab 2 Setting for current payment setting 


on mobile the menu for admin seems broken debug and fix it 

in system setting 

system config tab
remove this completely
Payment Details
Bank Name
Opay
Account Number
1234567890
Account Name
OneTailor Technologies
Payment Link (Direct Pay)
https://paystack.com/pay/...


be already have it else where this is repitition

remove this also from system configDevice Pricing Tiers
1 Device
15000
2 Devices
₦25,000
3 Devices
₦35,000
5 Devices
₦50,000
Leave blank to fall back to the 1-device price.
remove .00 in the display to user if it has no decimal value

put it in the payment seting tab 
part of the global setting no repitition
no break of current functionality

for the broadcas notification add the premium image and content image they see if possible

the lead crm  in the agent tab
Add the agent login slug so i dont need to be finding it

in the system config
Unlock Premium Configuration
Unlock Premium Message
Unlock Premium to access all professional tools.
Button Link
https://wa.me/...
Button Text
⭐ Unlock Premium

has to be updated to 
Unlock OneTailor Prol Configuration
Unlock Professional Message
Unlock access all professional tools.
Button Link
https://wa.me/...
Button Text
Unlock OneTailor Pro

also the message that shows to users on free as they use tools.
Unlock Premium
Unlock professional features: unlimited client records, full measurement history, custom templates, and advanced tailoring tools.

Unlock Premium Now
let us have in the system configure admin can edit it from there.
just as it works no changes just admin being able to edit if from portal without touching code
Note this shows to only users on premium plan



You will never show /premium-details
to user who has not submitted /pre-unlock details.
fix the current issue the ⭐ Unlock Premium button in home page lead to premium-details 
dont change this ever again in this flow put it in the read me

if they have filled the brandkit use some of the details they have to fill the pre unlock form instead of them typing again
but leave the phone number we want this to delibrately entered

the save Save PWA Settings
One refresh doesnt save what was changed and no update to PWA
fix it

reffeal menu on admin portal says
Referral Analytics
Track invite performance, conversion rates, and top referrers

Refresh
Failed to load referral stats

for the leads 
the current template tab
turn it to message center
template will be there
but now add email and sms template along with the whatsapp templates
create default messages sms is 159 character. 
let there be 3 times by default like the whastapp
agent can click and it opens email, whatsapp sms of the user with pre filled message.

in the message for user who has not paid after visiting premium details

Payment Pending

You started a premium upgrade but haven't completed payment yet.

Tap below to complete your premium unlock.

Complete your premium unlock

change Payment Pending to something else emotional that hyponitze them to want to continue
we are not selling we are connecting emotionally you can improve the whole message if you can.

in system config let admin to be able to control this aslo
title, body text cta text

once a use has submiited a detail and its pending eg the manual deposit
dont take them to the premium details again just display a message 
that payment confirmation is pending we had it before 
it has only when a a user has not paid or uploaded payment proof we can always have it as resume payment like we have now

this is account page
Payment Pending

You started an upgrade but haven't completed payment. Resume below.

fix here too our goal is to avoid sounding like a transcation across 